Okay,
So let me show you a neat trick here when it comes to the positioning and the width of
pivot shorts.
So,
as you can see here on this pivot chart,
if I try to insert a new column here in the scene area that the pivot chart is in.
So if I inserted you call him.
Because here the pivot short expanded,
and it also moved a little bit.
I'll do that again here,
and it is.
It is here.
It expanded,
and it moved a little bit.
So if you need to prevent that,
if you need to prevent you pivot chart from moving and expanding or so if you need to
prevent that if you need you to prevent you pivot chart from moving or expanding when you
insert a new column or when you have just the width of your column here you can click on
the pivot chart itself,
and then you can just press control and one on your keyboard here to go to the options,
and then you can go here to the properties.
So under the size and properties,
you can go to properties and then you can see where there is an option to move in size with
cells,
which is what it currently is on.
And then there is an option here to move but do not size with cells.
So this way,
when we insert a new column,
it's gonna move a little bit.
But it's not gonna resize.
It's not gonna get expanded or shrunk when we insert a new column.
So this is that option.
And then there is the other option here,
which is Do not move or size with cells.
So this way he will not move or get resized when we insert in you column or when we adjust
the with off the colors.
So this is a little neat trick here if you need to prevent your pivot chart for a moving or
being expanded when you insert a new column or just the with of an existing column